Welcome to Finance Me!

Finance Me is an application that is designed to give very basic finance assistance with user input. For instance, would you like to know how much of your paycheck will be
going to taxes? How about how much interest goes to your monthly payment on your mortgage? Or even totaling up expenses of your everyday life. Finace Me is designed to help you
with these tasks.

Amortization

An amortization table is designed to explicitly calculate how much of a loan is going towards interest and how much is going to principal. 
To begin with Finance Me's Amortization table, enter in your loan amount, the annual APR, and the term of the loan in months or years, and the length of the loan. 
Once these values have been entered just click, "Calculate" and your table will be populated with values.

Income Estimator

This income estimator is designed to give users a rough estimate of what they should expect with a paycheck. Begin by choosing your pay frequency in the drop down menu, 
then proceed to fill out the necessary information of gross salary or hourly rate etc. Then choose the U.S state that you are working in. Then finally choose your pay frequency and
tax filing status. Once this is choosen click, "Calculate" or hit enter.

Expense Estimator

This part of the application is very straight forward. Simply enter in your expense name and the cost of said expense. Proceed to click the, "Add" button to add this expense 
to the table. If you need to remove the most current entry, simply click on the, "Remove" button and the last entered row will be deleted. Once all of your expenses have been 
entered click on the, "Calculate" button to add up all of your expenses to get a full estimate of expenses.

Keyboard Short Cuts

Finance Me incorporates keyboard short cuts. For easy access, just click the a combination of keys to accomplish certain commands. These commands are listed below;

    "CMD or CTRL" + "Enter" -> Execute, "Calculate" or "Add" (Add in Expenses)
    "CMD or CTRL" + "Backspace" -> Execute, "Clear" or "Remove" (Remove in Expenses)
    "CMD or CTRL" + "Delete" -> Execute, "Clear" (Expenses only)
    "CMD or CTRL" + "P" -> Print current page